 
#KDI-2024-NENU
 ##  Military Weapons
### Revision
| Date | Author | Revision Logs
| ---------- | --------- | ------------- |
| 2024.04.03 | Jinghui WANG | File created. |
| 2024.04.08 | Jinghui WANG | File created. |
#### Usage Notes

This marker file provides a template for providing details of the progress of a DI project. Please omit or replace the brackets.

#### Core Contributions

* Steps

- **1.**  Story：

  Building a knowledge map of military weapons can be used by military researchers, academics, military enthusiasts, military journalists, and others.
The ways of use include:
    1. Military researchers and scholars can use the knowledge map and the automated Q&A project to conduct knowledge integration, analysis and comparative research on military equipment, helping them to gain a deeper understanding of the performance, characteristics, advantages and disadvantages of different weapon systems.
    2. Military enthusiasts can use the automated Q&A system to obtain a variety of information about military weapons, including relevant parameters, operational uses, etc., to enhance their interest in and understanding of the military field.
    3. Military news reporters can use this system to quickly obtain military weapons-related information, providing accurate and timely data support for their reports.

  In short, building military weapons knowledge map can provide convenient and accurate military weapons information query service for the majority of users.

- **2.**  Background：

  With the progress of science and technology and the competition of military power, the development of military weapons is changing day by day, involving a variety of advanced technologies and equipment. Constructing a knowledge map of military weapons can help people more conveniently acquire and learn knowledge about military weapons, and improve their understanding and awareness of military weapons. Meanwhile, deriving an automatic question and answer system on its basis can provide better support and help for the understanding and research in the military field.

- **3.** Sources：

  At present, there is not much public information, and the more complete collection is the military weapons library of China.com, which can be collected and parsed to standardize the fields, thus forming a knowledge base of a certain specification and scale.

* Results

  Still working on how to crawl data efficiently and correctly
### Reference
 
 